when I was your age man said to me you
one with the river and with the river I
became one Wow so I don't fish I become
the fish
let us start with a good breakfast
because that's the basis for a good day
Oh
Oh get this i'm back with great way to
start whitefish is looking for nymphs
that are rising to the surface to hatch
should be coming I use my mouth a lot
it's a nice little taper you know what's
the what fly all right I call this the
green yummy it's particularly useful in
the mid afternoon around like a little
after four 4 430 area that's sort of the
peak time to utilize this guy most
people on this river are going for
browns and
and rainbow and we'll be throwing those
the way you actually stop those out okay
the whitefish is what it's all about
everywhere oh yeah the elusive we could
build a fish hook okay so compelled to
Moya that's why I get her done hook I'm
told here it's the challenge is to
really real the man dam is known for
larger fish looking m is one thing but
really getting into the boat is another
skill to say we need to backup and what
some of the Fisher votes in Fisher but
that's the time okay
you
you watch your mind watch it looking at
the kind of
gorgeous fish let him go
so I I brought a big net and I just
rolled in it and that's what I've been
out there do it catch my question and so
I might be Josh's apartment today so I
know knocking with all yo no offense to
fall but I don't want to get a hook in
the eye yesterday was an amazing day and
went by boat was dead and Luke on it
both had a double both had fish on at
the same time was really exciting at
pictures of that it was worth the trip
just to see that in a high-stress
situation to fish on at the same time
but with the help of our guide here we
were able to land both fish they weren't
the white fish that we're after all why
fashon well yesterday was not so
prosperous as the day before got one way
no it's really put up much of a fight we
brought it in the guide siness slapped
around the boat a little bit feel a
little nice little toss in the water but
I'm optimistic for today the usual basic
component alcohol personal float
that's all on board this will keep me
floating on top of the waters the
specific gravity thing
when you when you actually look at the
culto another 40 formed into the ball
yet so you have to bring it into the
boat and it been forming into the ball
the keys not to kiss the jar and they
get felt at the same time how is using
this sickness or vegetable yeah hook to
gotcha whitefish must amend anywhere
from 18 28 when you really want a lot of
them TNT's my that's what I like to tie
on right away yeah I got a way for
showing several white fish my fish you
know they're fun don't for rainbows this
week let's wait goes to jump up and down
a little more exciting no I mean the
goodfellas about
get a response
you